chore: new bundle size tool (#18010)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/bundle-size/README.md

> ## `bundle-size`

Author: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Will move inside packages 👍

> ## `bundle-size`

Author: Done in ca8f2a9

A tool to measure bundle size locally and on CI.

**To ensure that we are measuring the same artifacts as customers `bundle-size` requires to build packages first.**

### Fixtures

> A tool relies on fixtures represented by JavaScript files, fixtures are created inside each package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixtures declare exports that should be measured by the `bundle-size` tool. Fixtures are created inside each package.
```

Author: Done in ac5309b

For example:

```js
import { Component } from '@fluentui/react-component';

console.log(Component);
// 👆 "console.log()" is the easiest way to prevent tree-shaking

export default {
  name: 'Component',
  // 👆 defines a name for story that will be used in output
};
```

### `build`

```sh
yarn bundle-size build [--verbose]
```

Builds fixtures and produces artifacts.

For each fixture:

- `[fixture].fixture.js` - a modified fixture without a default export, used by a bundler
- `[fixture].output.js` - a partially minified file, useful for debugging

> - `[fixture].min.js` - a fully minified file, used for measurements

Author: Currently I implemented only GZIP via `gzip-size`:

```js
const gzippedSize = await gzipSize.file(terserOutputPath);
```

We can add brotli in the same way.

---

Honestly, I don't know if these is sense to produce `[fixture].min.js.gz` in artifacts dir. WDYT?

> - `[fixture].min.js` - a fully minified file, used for measurements

Reviewer 2: yeah in general having gzip or brotli isn't that much helpful. I mean we don't wanna test how compression algorithms works. For our packages, IMO, the only important info that we need is minified size, (gzip is solely for "marketing" purposes :) )
